
Flatdango - Movie Ticket Booking Application
Flatdango is a web application that allows users to browse and purchase movie tickets for the Flatiron Movie Theater. This project is developed as part of an assessment to showcase the implementation of a mini web application using JavaScript.

Flatdango Screenshot

Table of Contents
Project Overview
Features
Project Structure
Installation
Usage
API Reference
Styling and Design
Contributing
License

Project Overview 

Flatdango is a simple and user-friendly movie ticket booking application. It provides users with movie details, a list of available movies, and the ability to purchase tickets. The application fetches movie data from a local server with a JSON database (db.json).

Features

Movie Details: Display detailed information about the selected movie, including its title, poster, runtime, showtime, and available tickets.

Movie List: View a menu of all available movies on the left side of the page. Clicking on a movie in the list updates the displayed movie details.

Ticket Booking: Purchase movie tickets by clicking the "Buy Ticket" button. The available ticket count updates dynamically. Users cannot purchase a ticket if there are none available.

Bonus Features (Optional):

Clicking on a movie in the menu replaces the currently displayed movie's details with the new movie's details.
Sold-out movies are indicated in the menu by changing the button text to "Sold Out" and adding a class of sold-out to the film item.
Project Structure
The project is organized with the following files and directories:

index.html: The main HTML file for the web application.

script.js: JavaScript file for handling user interactions, data fetching, and updating the page.

style.css: CSS file for styling the application. It provides a basic layout and styling, which you can further customize.

db.json: Local JSON database containing movie data.

screenshot.png: An image file showing a screenshot of the application.

Installation
Clone this repository to your local machine using the following command:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/flatdango.git
Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd flatdango
Open index.html in your preferred web browser.

Usage
Browse the list of available movies on the left side of the page.

Click on a movie to view its details, including the poster, title, runtime, showtime, and available tickets.

To purchase a ticket, click the "Buy Ticket" button. The available ticket count will update, and you'll receive a confirmation if successful.

Enjoy your virtual movie ticket booking experience!

API Reference
The application fetches movie data from a local server with the following API endpoints:

GET /films: Retrieve a list of all available movies.

GET /films/:id: Retrieve detailed information about a specific movie, identified by its id.

PATCH /films/:id: (Optional) Update the number of tickets_sold on the server when a ticket is purchased.

DELETE /films/:id: (Optional) Delete a movie from the server.

Styling and Design
The application is styled with a basic CSS file (style.css) to provide a clean and user-friendly interface. You can customize the styling further to match your design preferences.

Contributing
If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

Fork the repository to your own GitHub account.

Create a new branch and make your changes.

Submit a pull request with a clear description of your changes.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details

